---
title: 2022-09-06
episode: 87
Description: The Psychic Spectacular event begins!
guid: tdg-2022-09-06
podcast: "tdg/2022-09-06.mp3"
podcast_bytes: "4974857"
podcast_duration: 00:02:55
date: 2024-02-02T00:00:00Z
author: HannahsPixels
---

## Events Mentioned

- [Psychic Spectacular](https://pokemongolive.com/en/post/psychic-spectacular-2022/)
- [Clefairy Commotion](https://pokemongolive.com/en/post/clefairy-commotion-2022/)
- [Season of Light](https://pokemongolive.com/en/seasons/light/)
- [GO Battle League: Season of Light](https://pokemongolive.com/en/post/gobattleleague-seasonoflight/)

---

## Links

🌐 https://tdg-pod.netlify.app/
🐦 https://twitter.com/HannahsPixels/
📷 https://www.instagram.com/hannahspixels/

---

## Transcript

- Good morning, trainers. Today is Tuesday, September 6th, and it's time for The Daily GO'ings.
- ...
- Today,
  - the Psychic Spectacular event will begin at 10AM, local time.
    - Throughout the week, many Psychic-type Pokémon will appear in the wild, in raids, in 7k eggs, and in Field Research.
    - As the Spectacular begins, Mega Raids will shift to [[Alakazam|Mega Alakazam]]. Any [[Alakazam]] evolved or caught during the event will also receive the Charged Attack 'Psychic'. While this legacy move is [[Alakazam]]'s strongest Psychic-type Charged Attack, it may not be best for use in PvP.
    - Separately, this event is also the debut of shiny [[Elgyem]], and its evolution [[Beheeyem]]! [[Elgyem]] will be available throughout the event in the wild, in Field Research, and as rewards in the event's special Timed Research.
    - If you have any friends who only play Pokémon GO occasionally, but who _will_ want a chance at catching [[Cosmog]] and potentially evolving it into [[Solgaleo]] or [[Lunala]], you may want to encourage them to play during this event, while they can easily catch lots of Psychic-type Pokémon and progress through the first steps of the Season's Special Research.
  - Lastly, at 6PM local time, [[Munna]] Spotlight Hour will feature a 2x Catch Stardust bonus. Shiny [[Munna]] is available, and is one of the most recent shinies added to the game!
- ...
- Tomorrow, Wednesday's Raid Hour will feature all four formes of [[Deoxys]].
- In four days, the Clefairy Commotion event will take place.
- In five days, there will be a [[Deoxys]] Raid Day,
- and in one week, Tuesday's [[Ralts]] Spotlight Hour will feature a 2x Catch XP bonus. Shiny [[Ralts]] is available.
- Also in one week, five-star raids will shift to two, as-of-yet-unannounced, Pokémon.
- ...
- In GBL news, the Little Jungle Cup Remix will shift to the Psychic Cup the day after tomorrow, and there are 25 days until the first GO Battle Day of the Season.
- Now, stay tuned for today's raids:
- ...
  - In one-star raids after 10AM, we have [[Pokédex/Unown|Unown E]], [[Pokédex/Unown|Unown S]], [[Pokédex/Unown|Unown P]], and [[Espurr]].
    - As a note, these Unown will not be able to be shiny.
  - In three-star raids after 10AM, we have [[Alolan Raichu]], [[Wobbuffet]], [[Girafarig]], and [[Oranguru]]
  - In mega raids after 10AM, we have [[Alakazam|Mega Alakazam]].
  - And in five-star raids, we have [[Deoxys]].
- ...
- That's all for today, trainers. Now let's get out and GO!
